HT-554: Add icon position and custom borders to OXD checkbox component (#816)
orangehrm/oxd: changelog.md

> 2024-11-08 - 30e71393cff4e116c842c56bf35ef84bd659448d - Update OXD CheckBox/SelectInput Component

Reviewer: 1 - Please follow the change log pattern

`{date}-{commit hash}-{file paths}-{meaningful description}`
```md
2024-11-08 - 30e71393cff4e116c842c56bf35ef84bd659448d - components/Input/CheckboxGroup.vue, components/Input/CheckboxInput.vue - Update OXD CheckBox/SelectInput Component <-- yes updated but why?
```
2 - Following file change is not tracked
**components/src/core/components/Icon/icons.ts**

> 2024-11-11 - 30e71393cff4e116c842c56bf35ef84bd659448d - Icons.ts - Add oxd-on-leave,oxd-holiday,oxd-disabled-url,oxd-generate-link,oxd-enable-url icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2024-11-11 - 30e71393cff4e116c842c56bf35ef84bd659448d - components/Icon/icons.ts - Add oxd-on-leave,oxd-holiday,oxd-disabled-url,oxd-generate-link,oxd-enable-url icons
```

> 2024-11-11 - 30e71393cff4e116c842c56bf35ef84bd659448d - Update OXD CheckBox Component - Add a border prop to enable borders for the checkbox and an optionInfoIconPosition prop to adjust optional icon position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2024-11-11 - 30e71393cff4e116c842c56bf35ef84bd659448d - components/Input/CheckboxInput.vue, components/Input/CheckboxInput.vue - Add a border prop to enable borders for the checkbox and an optionInfoIconPosition prop to adjust optional icon position.
```
